hello welcome to my
channel with you elena today we will learn
knit a crimped gum for this
we collect loops on the needle number multiple
four + two edge loops I gained
34 loops
first row first edge loop we
we shoot further we knit 3 facial
loops are not in front of work and remove the loop from
we get a loop as if with
we knit further 3 knit loops
again the thread before work loop removed
double loop
so we repeat to the end of the series
last edge loop with us
purl we finished knit first
row 2 row first loop we shoot further
provyazyvaem loop with nakidy 1 front
loop the front loop now loop
remove again together with crochet and knit
repeat 3 facial loops 1 loop removed
double crochet 3 face loops looped off
nakida so we knit to the end of the row
double-loop noose finish the knit row
front loop and last edge
purl loop so we knit
two rows of our corrugated gum
now we are these two rows with you
repeat to the height we need
continue to knit we are finished to knit
our corrugated gum
This rubber we have two-sided
Thank you all for your attention
If you have questions please write in the comments to
you were Elena
bye Bye